
Nathan Carman ordered to bring rifle to deposition this month | Boston Herald

A young man suspected of killing his mother and grandfather as part of an alleged plot tied to an inheritance worth millions has been ordered to bring a rifle to his secret deposition in Vermont later this month — the gun attorneys believe is the missing link to solving the 2013 homicide of real estate magnate John Chakalos.

Lawyers for the company suing Nathan Carman to avoid an $85,000 insurance payout on his 31-foot sport fishing cruiser Chicken Pox are not disclosing the date and location of their 90-minute videotaped interview of Carman “to avoid a media spectacle,” they tell U.S. District Court of Rhode Island Magistrate Judge Patrica A. Sullivan. They state in a new filing they “have made arrangements with the local Sheriff’s Office for a deputy to inspect the firearm, ensuring it is unloaded before it is produced for inspection at the deposition.”

Whether Carman actually shows up to his court-ordered deposition with the firearm in hand will bear directly on whether he was involved in a scheme “to accelerate his multimillion-dollar inheritance, with him the last known person to see both relatives alive,” by “jettisoning the firearm while fishing the day after his grandfather’s murder,” and then rendering the Chicken Pox unseaworthy with his mother aboard, the attorneys argue.

Carman, 24, is the only heir of his 54-year-old mother Linda Carman, who has not been heard from since her son claims the Chicken Pox sank from under them off Block Island in 2016, three years after Linda Carman’s wealthy father, Chakalos, was found shot to death in his Windsor, Conn., home following dinner with his grandson.

National Liability and Fire Insurance Co.’s defenders have already produced documents showing Carman paid $2,100 cash for a Sig Sauer 716 Patrol .308-caliber rifle at Shooters Outpost in Hooksett, N.H., on Nov. 11, 2013, less than a month before his grandfather’s murder.

Chakalos, 87, was a successful developer who left behind an estate valued at $44 million.

Carman has not been criminally charged with either John Chakalos’ murder or Linda Carman’s disappearance. Carman claims he was adrift in the Atlantic for a week in a life raft after the Chicken Pox was lost. He has previously claimed that the last time he saw his mother alive he had asked her to reel in their fishing lines because the boat was filling with water.

